one day today we will prepare for pralines
with chocolate about 40 ingredients
are 30 g of butter 70 grams of cocoa
bitter 100 grams of mascarpone a back
4 tablespoons of sweet liqueur in this
case I took the maraschino 150 g of
dry biscuits 120 g of sugar e
some little chocolate pieces for
cover the balls
first we put the 30 g of butter
in a bowl with the sugar
we give a short stir mixing
sugar well with butter
now we combine the mascarpone cocoa
and the turn and we give an amalgamated norm
for good the ingredients we pour 4
points of maraschino 12
and 4 and let 's mix
after crumbling the cookies do not
too finely we pour into ours
composed let's see it mixed
after having amalgamated well
ingredients in a dough
take a small portion forming
a small ball once formed it
we remove the cover to decorate it
in this way
the praline is ready and common
chocolate pralines some it
covered with chocolate sprinkles
at 3 with bitter cocoa next time
video recipe
Hello